Doc: Improve readme (#130)
kkrt-labs/ef-tests: README.md

This repository contains the execution of the EF standard execution layer tests.

The Ethereum Foundation provides a suite of [official tests](https://github.com/ethereum/tests) to verify the compliance of EVM clients.

> Passing all these tests qualifies a client as EVM-compliant.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Passing all these tests qualifies allows a client to gain confidence on his execution layer.
```

For further information, please refer to the [official documentation](https://ethereum-tests.readthedocs.io/en/latest/).

> As Kakarot is an EVM running within CairoVM, we can't run these tests using the Ethereum Foundation runner ([retesteth](https://github.com/ethereum/retesteth)).
> We therefore need to develop our own runner to be able to run these tests on Kakarot and thus certify our compatibility with the EVM.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Kakarot is an EVM running within CairoVM, coupled with a [RPC](https://github.com/kkrt-labs/kakarot-rpc/tree/main), which would make it possible to run these tests using the Ethereum Foundation runner ([retesteth](https://github.com/ethereum/retesteth)). However, in order to limit the possible number of interactions and avoid adding failing points, we develop our own simplified test runner based on Reth's ef-tests runner.
```
